# Deep-Convolution-Neural-Networks-of-Limit-Order-Books
More than half of today's dynamic financial landscape uses digital LOB to record the trades. In traditional quote-driven marketplaces, traders can only buy or sell an asset at one of the prices , which were made public by market makers.But in recent years , traders now ,can directly view all resting limit orders in the limit order book of an exchange. Just because, limit orders are arranged into different levels based on their submitted prices, the evolution in time of a LOB showcases a multi-pronged issue with elements representing the numerous prices and order volumes/sizes at multiple levels of the LOB on both the buy and sell sides. LOB , itself is a labyrinthine dynamic framework with high dimensionality. Thus, inducing modelling complications that make traditional methods much difficult to cope up with. Paradigms of transmogrifying price sequences usually dominate over mathematical finance resulting in a range of Markov-like models with stochastic driving terms, such as the vector autoregressive model (VAR) or the autoregressive integrated moving average model (ARIMA) . These models, to avoid excessive parameter spaces, often rely on handcrafted features of the data. However, given the billions of electronic market quotes that are generated everyday, it is natural to employ more modern data-driven machine learning techniques to extract such features.In addition, limit order data, like any other financial time series data is notoriously non-stationary and dominated by stochastics. In particular, orders at deeper levels of the LOB are often placed and cancelled in anticipation of future price moves and are thus even more prone to noise. Other problems, such as auction and dark pools , also add additional difficulties, bringing ever more unobservability into the environment. The paper is followed with deep neural networks architecture that incorporates both convolutional layers as well as Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) units to predict future stock price movements in large-scale high-frequency LOB data. The advantage of the concerned paradigm over previous research is that it has the ability to adapt for many stocks by extracting representative features from highly noisy data.In order to overcome the limitations of handcrafted features, the concept of Inception Module is used to wrap convolutional and pooling layers together. The Inception Module helps to infer local interactions over different time horizons. The resulting feature maps
are then passed into LSTM units which can capture dynamic temporal behaviour. The testing of the model on a publicly available LOB dataset, known as FI-2010 , and this method remarkably outperforms all existing state-of-the art algorithms. However, the FI-2010 dataset is only made up of 10 consecutive days of down-sampled pre-normalised data from a less liquid market.. The model delivers robust out-of-sample prediction accuracy across stocks over a test period of three months.Its observed that it projects not only the capability of the proposed paradigm to be able to extract robust features from order books, but also indicates the existence of universal features in the order book that modulate stock demand and price. The ability to transfer the model to new instruments opens up a number of possibilities that we consider for future work.
